a while back I bought Ecco a wobbler to
slow him down at mealtime and to give
him a fun challenge it took a bit of
practice for Ecco to get the hang of it
but he quickly learned how to get the
food out at first he would knock the
wobbler into a crowded area but he also
learned how to remove the wobbler when
obstacles got in the way of breakfast he
could get it out from underneath the
table or the butcher block
HECO has certainly left his mark on the
wobbler but it's still going strong
these days he's a master and he knows
how to perfectly push the toy in a
circle to maximize the amount of food he
gets however for some reason there's
still one obstacle that Ecco cannot
overcome an obstacle so great that the
mighty Ecco is completely defeated the
name of that obstacle is my kitchen
stool if Ecco rolls a wobbler underneath
he'll whine like a puppy and beg me for
help of course right after I help him
and sit down what does he do he rolls a
wobbly under the chair again and begs
for help this week I decided to teach
Ecco to help himself he was not happy
with my plan and tried to swipe the
wobbler as I showed him how to get it
out his initial attempts had me cracking
up but I stifled my laughter and gave
Ecco praise and encouragement with each
try Ecco got a bit frustrated so he took
a break and I gave him some treats for
his efforts once he took a deep breath
he finally figured out how to solve the
puzzle a few different ways in fact he
discovered he could reach under and grab
the wobbler if it was close
or he could push it through with his
nose and grab it from the other side
with a bit more practice Ecco also
learned how to push the wobbler out with
this pause and then pounce on it with
absolutely no regard for the safety of
the cameraman it was a lot of fun
helping Ecco solve the puzzle and for
him
victory certainly tastes sweet